assessment.md, before:

# Assessment

When your project is finished (or before if it's helpful), assess your project. Read the [project rubric](http://cs.fablearn.org/projects/0-drawing project.html) and then decide how your project should score on each category. Write a paragraph for each category justifying this assessment with evidence from your code, planning documents, and commit messages.

## [A] Knowing, understanding, and computational thinking
### [A.iii] Controlling the flow of a program
**My achieves level project ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

### [A.iv] Decomposition and abstraction
**My achieves level project ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B] Planning and development

## [B.i] The proposal
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B.ii] Plans, milestones, and timelines
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B.iii] Documentation
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B.iv] Personally meaningful project
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

Commit message:

I modified planning.md to suit my actual  drawing and finished A.iii of my assessment.md
What I changed
I typed what I actually did compared to my planning in my planning.md
and I wrote a few paragraphs concerning my A.iii strand in my
assessment.md file.

Why I changed it
I changed it so I could fit the rubric better and get a better score
on this project.

assessment.md, after:

# Assessment

When your project is finished (or before if it's helpful), assess your project. Read the [project rubric](http://cs.fablearn.org/projects/0-drawing project.html) and then decide how your project should score on each category. Write a paragraph for each category justifying this assessment with evidence from your code, planning documents, and commit messages.

## [A] Knowing, understanding, and computational thinking
### [A.iii] Controlling the flow of a program
**My achieves level project 7 expectations on this category. Here's why.**

My program successfully creates a visible picture in python using The turtle module. I used loops successfully to create curves, such as when drawing 'draw_inner_eye' & 'draw_outer_eye', as well as 'draw_main_hair1', 'draw_main_hair2', and 'draw_outer_hair1'.

I also decomposed my program a lot, as in the early versions of my commits, you can see that I did not define or make any functions aside from my 'setup' funtion that I took from my previous labs and homework tasks. By using functions, I was able to cut the amount of code I had a considerable amount (around 30% of my code) by making both sides that were mirrored a function.
I also decomposed by making a file to store my definitions (testingproject.py) and importing it into my main file project.py, which served as my final code.

An example of a detail that took a long time to get right, is the angles needed for creating my code. For example, in  inner_draw_headphones, the angles needed for the turtle to move in needed a lot of fixing by using math and protractors, and I had to test it a substantial amount of times of at least 10 tries before moving on to the other angles.
Another example is the use of the setup function for the code. My code uses the same function twice to mirror the pattern, and it needs a lot of use from the 'setup' function. It moves by the pixel, so when I mirror my functions, I need to test a lot for the x and y coordinates for the function to be able to mirror my previous function.

### [A.iv] Decomposition and abstraction
**My achieves level project ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B] Planning and development

## [B.i] The proposal
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B.ii] Plans, milestones, and timelines
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B.iii] Documentation
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**

## [B.iv] Personally meaningful project
**My project achieves level ---- expectations on this category. Here's why.**
