planning.md, before:



# Proposal of the Plan

#### Wesley Chui 9Sc.2

## Project Idea

The project idea is to draw a face in a helmet, similar to Project Akali  from League of Legends
![e](images/ProjectAkali.PNG)

Below is a sketch of my design
![e](images/InitialDesign.png)

## Composition
This would be split into 5 parts
Use fill
### Draw_Headphones( )
The original inspiration for this was cool looking headphones and therefore i named it that.

1. This would be drawn first so that I know how big the mask, eye and hair is supposed to be in contrast with the headphones.
2. The inside of the headphones will have another mini outline in it, which traces both sides to eye following the outer 'headphones' pattern (light blue and dark blue)

### Draw_mask( )
Since the end of the 'headphones' would be near to the mask, it would be completed 2nd to ensure that the whole helmet looks like it belongs there. (Black Color)

### Draw_hair( )

1. This would be the easiest part of this drawing with the main hairline coming down next to the eye.
2. This would be next to the 'headphones' on the top right and the right corner of the face, to add a slight curve to the it so this character doesn't look like it has a weird looking face.
3. This will be filled by a white color

### Draw_eye( )

This would have 2 parts to it.
1. The outer eye which has all the corners (black outline)
2. the ring of the circle would be black, while the inside would have a black pupil and a blue iris.

### Make_Sticker

If there is enough time, I could possibly do a sticker, but personally I don't think I will have enough time to do that.
(extension/depends on coding time required)

## Milestones

- **Milestone 0**: What will be finished when you are halfway done with the project? (When half the work time is used up, we will check in on our milestones and make changes to the project if necessary, to make sure we can finish on time.)

-**Halfway Milestone**:
Draw_Headphones and the Draw_mask should be finished and I should start Draw_hair and Draw_eye

## Timeline
#### Scenario 1(Most Likely)
1. Sep 19 (2019)
Get started on the Draw_Headphones, finish both Draw_Headphones and the draw_mask during weekend
2. Sep 23
Start Draw_hair
3. Sep 24
finish draw_hair and start on Draw_eye (Do everything else for homework)

#### Scenario 2 (Unlikely)
1. Sep 19 (2019)
Get started on the Draw_Headphones,  finish Draw_Headphones and draw_mask on weekend, start Draw_hair
2. Sep 23
Finish draw_hair and start on Draw_eye
4. Finished on draw_eye and experiment with makerspace to Make_Sticker

Commit message:

I modified planning.md to suit my actual  drawing and finished A.iii of my assessment.md
What I changed
I typed what I actually did compared to my planning in my planning.md
and I wrote a few paragraphs concerning my A.iii strand in my
assessment.md file.

Why I changed it
I changed it so I could fit the rubric better and get a better score
on this project.

planning.md, after:



# Proposal of the Plan

#### Wesley Chui 9Sc.2

## Project Idea

The project idea is to draw a face in a helmet, similar to Project Akali  from League of Legends
![e](images/ProjectAkali.PNG)

Below is a sketch of my design
![e](images/InitialDesign.png)

## Composition
This would be split into 5 parts
Use fill
### Draw_Headphones( )
The original inspiration for this was cool looking headphones and therefore i named it that.

(consist of inner_draw_headphones, outer_headphones, small_draw_headphones)
1. This would be drawn first so that I know how big the mask, eye and hair is supposed to be in contrast with the headphones. (inner_draw_headphones & outer_headphones)
2. The inside of the headphones will have another mini outline in it, which traces both sides to eye following the outer 'headphones' pattern (small_draw_headphones)
(light blue and dark blue)

  (changed it to dim grey on the inner & outer_headphones and dodger blue on the small_draw_headphones)

### Draw_mask( )
Since the end of the 'headphones' would be near to the mask, it would be completed 2nd to ensure that the whole helmet looks like it belongs there. (Black Color)

consist of draw_big_mask_top, draw_big_mask_bottom, mini_mask_top and mini_mask_bottom.
(I modified the mask to be a dark green + sea green color)

### Draw_hair( )

1. This would be the easiest part of this drawing with the main hairline coming down next to the eye.
2. This would be next to the 'headphones' on the top right and the right corner of the face, to add a slight curve to the it so this character doesn't look like it has a weird looking face.
3. This will be filled by a white color (accomplished)

 consist of draw_main_hair1, draw_main_hair2,draw_outer_hair1
### Draw_eye( )

This would have 2 parts to it.
1. The outer eye which has all the corners (black outline)
2. the ring of the circle would be black, while the inside would have a black pupil and a blue iris.
(accomplished all of draw_eye)

consist of draw_inner_eye & draw_outer_eye
### Make_Sticker

If there is enough time, I could possibly do a sticker, but personally I don't think I will have enough time to do that.
(extension/depends on coding time required)
(There was not sufficient time to create Make_Sticker)
## Milestones

- **Milestone 0**: What will be finished when you are halfway done with the project? (When half the work time is used up, we will check in on our milestones and make changes to the project if necessary, to make sure we can finish on time.)

-**Halfway Milestone**:
Draw_Headphones and the Draw_mask should be finished and I should start Draw_hair and Draw_eye (accomplished finish Draw_Headphones and Draw_mask)

## Timeline
#### Scenario 1(Most Likely)
1. Sep 19 (2019)
Get started on the Draw_Headphones, finish both Draw_Headphones and the draw_mask during weekend
2. Sep 23
Start Draw_hair
3. Sep 24
finish draw_hair and start on Draw_eye (Do everything else for homework)
 Actually results: I did not finish draw_hair in class, did the rest for homework.


#### Scenario 2 (Unlikely)
1. Sep 19 (2019)
Get started on the Draw_Headphones,  finish Draw_Headphones and draw_mask on weekend, start Draw_hair
2. Sep 23
Finish draw_hair and start on Draw_eye
4. Finished on draw_eye and experiment with makerspace to Make_Sticker
